Tower Forge -> Batch Forge (#14)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-23.1.0/compute-envs/azure-batch.mdx

There are two ways to create an Azure Batch compute environment in Tower:

- [**Batch Forge**](#tower-forge): This option automatically creates the Azure Batch resources needed for your Tower compute environment. This eliminates the need to set up your Azure Batch infrastructure manually.

> - [**Manual**](#manual): This option allows Tower to use existing Azure Batch resources.

Reviewer: Spotted another mention of Tower 😉 

```suggestion
- [**Manual**](#manual): This option allows Seqera Platform to use existing Azure Batch resources.
```

Author: That's v23.1 — pre-rebrand.
